hi everyone and welcome to race club I
with you and puritjarra cut and driving
tips book aims to help you become a
champion
so now when you're ready to enter the
track it's time for some basic driving
tips the first and maybe the most
important of these tips is the correct
seating position since the different
chasis manufacturers offer numerous
options for setup of the seat position
you need to refer to their
specifications for the seat vertical and
horizontal alignment after choosing the
right seat size assuring a tight fit and
confident body support you need to fix
it on the right position to result in
the right seating position and perfect
weight distribution as a result you
should get a body position offering the
suitable bends in the knees and elbows
guaranteeing stable support and to relax
tense depending on the driver height the
distance between the seat and the pedals
can be adjusted not only through
changing the longitudinal position of
the seat but also by moving the huge
support backwards and forwards
since the correct steering operation is
crucial for the proper card control the
position of the hands on the wheel
is a key factor for reading the feedback
from the tires and applying precise
input the hands should be positioned on
three and nine o'clock positions and
should not change their place in any
case in conjunction with the seating
position the steering Q should be
mounted in a way that guarantee of
proper reach and operation with it you
should not use the steering wheel as an
additional support for the body through
the hands they should be relaxed and
used only for controlling the wheel and
steer the operation with the steering
wheel should be fastboot mode with no
unnecessary additional movements and
corrections within the corner steering
must be precise with no more skewing
input than needed
since every additional movement or
bigger input results in loss of speed
and power the heel support mentioned
before is the one giving you a proper
support in the seat so the hands remain
relaxed and doing their job with
steering when the position of
Hieu support is determined you should
adjust the travel of the pedals so your
foot is able to reach both the fully
released and pressed positions without
any tension operating the pedals should
be fast and smooth again and there
should not be a moment on the track when
your feet are not doing anything you
should be either accelerating or braking
or both but never none of them the gas
and brake pedals should be used
progressively not only in their fully on
or off positions
you